TCD-2913: Backtrace - Batch 2 (#2280)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/error-reporting/advanced/sync-submissions.md

---
id: sync-submissions
title: Performing Synchronous Submissions
sidebar_label: Synchronous Submissions
description: Perform followup operations based on the result of a submission.
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> For performance reasons, error submissions are normally handled asynchronously from the HTTP client on the object store server. However, there are cases where it can be useful to perform follow-up operations based on the result of a submission or directly receive errors found during submission processing. This article demonstrates how to use the synchronous submission facility.

Author: ```suggestion
For performance reasons, error submissions are normally handled asynchronously from the HTTP client on the object store server. However, there are cases where it can be valuable to perform follow-up operations based on the result of a submission or directly receive errors found during submission processing. This article demonstrates how to use the synchronous submission facility.
```

To perform synchronous submissions, the submission token must have the `sync:post` capability in addition to `error:post` and/or `symbol:post`. You can create a token with these capabilities under **Project settings > API Token** or via [Morgue](https://github.com/backtrace-labs/backtrace-morgue/blob/master/README.md).

Next, the request must use the token with the `_mod_sync` query parameter. The value of this parameter is ignored.

> An example request using curl would look like this:

Author: ```suggestion
An example request using curl looks like this:
```
